[docs] Cleanup the pickers migration guide (#15310)
mui/mui-x: docs/data/migration/migration-pickers-v7/migration-pickers-v7.md

If you are passing a custom field component to your pickers, you need to create a new one that is using the accessible DOM structure.
This new component will need to use the `PickersSectionList` component instead of an `<input />` HTML element.

You can have a look at the [Using a custom input](/x/react-date-pickers/custom-field/#using-a-custom-input) to have a concrete example.

> :::info

Author: This is not going to happen :laughing:

Reviewer: Clearly. 😆

  + const pickerContext = usePickerContext();
  ```

## Typing breaking changes

### Remove `TDate` generic

> The `TDate` generic has been removed of all the types, interfaces and variables of the `@mui/x-date-pickers` and `@mui/x-date-pickers-pro` packages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `TDate` generic has been removed from all the types, interfaces, and variables of the `@mui/x-date-pickers` and `@mui/x-date-pickers-pro` packages.
```

> If you were passing your date object as a generic to any element of one of those packages, you can remove it:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you were passing your date object type as a generic to any element of one of those packages, you can remove it:
```

```diff
-<DatePicker<Dayjs> value={value} onChange={onChange} />
+<DatePicker value={value} onChange={onChange} />

-type Slot = DateCalendarSlots<Dayjs>['calendarHeader'];
+type Slot = DateCalendarSlots['calendarHeader'];

-type Props = DatePickerToolbarProps<Dayjs>;
+type Props = DatePickerToolbarProps;
```

> The full list of the impacted element will be added to the migration guide in a follow up release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A follow-up release will add the full list of the impacted elements to the migration guide.
```
